Feature/queue edges implementation (#44)
Amruta101998/Ecommerce-website: qa_confluence_jira_test/validation_report.txt

QA DOCUMENTATION VALIDATION REPORT
================================================================================

JIRA Reference: https://bito.atlassian.net/browse/BITO-12071
Confluence Reference: https://bito.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/1132003418/Quality+Assurance+QA
Generated: 2026-02-04
Version: 2.0.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Requirement: REQ-001 - Login Validation
> Status: MATCH
> Severity: MEDIUM
> Notes: Both JIRA and Confluence are in complete agreement on login validation requirements.

Author: <div>

<div id="suggestion">
<div id="issue"><b>Inaccurate severity for MATCH</b></div>
<div id="fix">

REQ-001 has `Status: MATCH` and no `severity` field in `requirements_mapping.json`. The `validate()` method defaults to `'MEDIUM'` (line 118 of `test_validation.py`), so the report incorrectly shows `Severity: MEDIUM` for a fully-matched requirement. The README table correctly marks MATCH severity as `-`. This misleads readers into treating a resolved requirement as a MEDIUM risk.
</div>

<details>
<summary>
<b>Code suggestion</b>
</summary>
<blockquote>Check the AI-generated fix before applying</blockquote>
<div id="code">

````suggestion
Requirement: REQ-001 - Login Validation
Status: MATCH
Severity: N/A
Notes: Both JIRA and Confluence are in complete agreement on login validation requirements.
````

</div>
</details>

</div>

<small><i>Code Review Run #5167ae</i></small>
</div>

---
Should Bito avoid suggestions like this for future reviews? (<a href=http://localhost:4200/home/ai-agents/review-rules>Manage Rules</a>)
- [ ] Yes, avoid them

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirement: REQ-002 - Password Policy Requirements
Status: CONFLICT
Severity: CRITICAL
Notes: CRITICAL SECURITY MISMATCH: JIRA requires 12-character minimum while Confluence specifies 8 characters. JIRA requirement is more secure and should be enforced. This represents a significant security vulnerability if not resolved.
Recommendation: Adopt JIRA's 12-character minimum requirement. Update Confluence documentation immediately.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirement: REQ-003 - API Response Performance
Status: PARTIAL_MATCH
Severity: HIGH
Notes: JIRA provides detailed performance SLA (2 seconds, P95/P99 targets, 100 concurrent users), but Confluence only mentions 'performance testing' without specific metrics. Implementation team will need clarification on acceptance criteria.
Recommendation: Update Confluence with specific performance SLA metrics from JIRA. Define clear acceptance criteria for load testing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Requirement: REQ-004 - Session Timeout Configuration
> Status: MATCH
> Severity: MEDIUM
> Notes: Both sources align on session timeout (30 min), warning (25 min), and extension capability. Minor difference: JIRA specifies 15-minute extension duration which Confluence doesn't mention, but this is a reasonable implementation detail.

Author: <div>

<div id="suggestion">
<div id="issue"><b>Inaccurate severity for MATCH</b></div>
<div id="fix">

REQ-004 has `Status: MATCH` and no `severity` field in `requirements_mapping.json`. Identical to REQ-001: the `validate()` default of `'MEDIUM'` propagates into the report, incorrectly labelling a fully-aligned requirement with a severity level. The README table shows `-` for MATCH severity. Both MATCH entries should show `N/A` for consistency and accuracy.
</div>

<details>
<summary>
<b>Code suggestion</b>
</summary>
<blockquote>Check the AI-generated fix before applying</blockquote>
<div id="code">

````suggestion
Requirement: REQ-004 - Session Timeout Configuration
Status: MATCH
Severity: N/A
Notes: Both sources align on session timeout (30 min), warning (25 min), and extension capability. Minor difference: JIRA specifies 15-minute extension duration which Confluence doesn't mention, but this is a reasonable implementation detail.
````

</div>
</details>

</div>

<small><i>Code Review Run #5167ae</i></small>
</div>

---
Should Bito avoid suggestions like this for future reviews? (<a href=http://localhost:4200/home/ai-agents/review-rules>Manage Rules</a>)
- [ ] Yes, avoid them
